docs/log.md, before:


# Log ...🚀



# Project & Portfolio
### First & Last Name


![Degree Program](https://img.shields.io/badge/degree-web%20development-blue.svg)&nbsp;

<br>


## 📢 &nbsp; Weekly Stand Up

Each week I will summarize my milestone activity and progress by writing a stand-up. A stand-up is meant to be a succinct update on how things are going. Use these prompts as a guide on what to write about:

⚙️ Overview - What I worked on this past week
<br>
🌵 Challenges - What problems did I have & how I'm addressing them
<br>
🏆 Accomplishments - What is something I "leveled up" on this week
<br>
🔮 Next Steps - What I plan to prioritize and do next

<br>

### Week 1

⚙️ Overview - This week I worked on getting my repository set up and started working on my project proposal.
<br>
🌵 Challenges - What problems did I have & how I'm addressing them?

>I had a hard time getting started on my project proposal. Gathering information and writing about my project proved difficult. I struggle getting my thoughts into words.

<br>

🏆 Accomplishments - What is something I "leveled up" on this week

> I was able to get my repository set up and write a draft of my project proposal.

<br>

🔮 Next Steps - What I plan to prioritize and do next

> I plan to go back and revise my project proposal to make it more clear and concise. As well as start working on week 2 of my project.

### Week 2

My next stand up will go here...

### Week 3

Stay tuned, this stand up is coming soon...

### Week 4

My final stand up...





<br>

Commit message:

Update project log with Week 2 summary, challenges, accomplishments, and next steps

docs/log.md, after:


# Log ...🚀



# Project & Portfolio
### First & Last Name


![Degree Program](https://img.shields.io/badge/degree-web%20development-blue.svg)&nbsp;

<br>


## 📢 &nbsp; Weekly Stand Up

Each week I will summarize my milestone activity and progress by writing a stand-up. A stand-up is meant to be a succinct update on how things are going. Use these prompts as a guide on what to write about:

⚙️ Overview - What I worked on this past week
<br>
🌵 Challenges - What problems did I have & how I'm addressing them
<br>
🏆 Accomplishments - What is something I "leveled up" on this week
<br>
🔮 Next Steps - What I plan to prioritize and do next

<br>

### Week 1

⚙️ Overview - This week I worked on getting my repository set up and started working on my project proposal.
<br>
🌵 Challenges - What problems did I have & how I'm addressing them?

>I had a hard time getting started on my project proposal. Gathering information and writing about my project proved difficult. I struggle getting my thoughts into words.

<br>

🏆 Accomplishments - What is something I "leveled up" on this week

> I was able to get my repository set up and write a draft of my project proposal.

<br>

🔮 Next Steps - What I plan to prioritize and do next

> I plan to go back and revise my project proposal to make it more clear and concise. As well as start working on week 2 of my project.

### Week 2

⚙️ Overview - This week I worked on getting my repository set up and started working on my project proposal.
<br>
🌵 Challenges - What problems did I have & how I'm addressing them?

> Design is not my strong suit. I have struggled with creating a design for my project. I happened to be doom scrolling late one night and found a design that I liked and decided to use it as inspiration for my project.

<br>

🏆 Accomplishments - What is something I "leveled up" on this week

> I create a style tile and wireframe design for my project.

<br>

🔮 Next Steps - What I plan to prioritize and do next

> I plan to continue fine tuning my design and color scheme. I also plan to begin researching for week 3 of my project.

### Week 3

Stay tuned, this stand up is coming soon...

### Week 4

My final stand up...





<br>
